[UNIT] Final review of Unit 2.1 on smolagents - release 25/2/25 (#216)
huggingface/agents-course: units/en/unit2/smolagents/quiz2.mdx

    correct: true
  },
  {
    text: "<code>@tool</code> can only be used in multi-agent systems, while creating a <code>Tool</code> subclass is for single-agent scenarios",
    explain: "All agents (single or multi) can use either approach to define tools; there is no such restriction.",
  },
  {
    text: "Decorating a function with <code>@tool</code> replaces the need for a docstring, whereas subclasses must not include docstrings",
    explain: "Both methods benefit from clear docstrings. The decorator doesn't replace them, and a subclass can still have docstrings.",
  }
]}
/>

---

### Q2: How does a CodeAgent handle multi-step tasks using the ReAct (Reason + Act) approach?

Which statement correctly describes how the CodeAgent executes a series of steps to solve a task?

<Question
choices={[
  {
    text: "It passes each step to a different agent in a multi-agent system, then combines results",
    explain: "Although multi-agent systems can distribute tasks, CodeAgent itself can handle multiple steps on its own using ReAct.",
  },
  {
    text: "It stores every action in JSON for easy parsing before executing them all at once",

>     explain: "That behavior matches ToolCallingAgent's JSON-based approach, not CodeAgent.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    explain: "This behavior matches ToolCallingAgent's JSON-based approach, not CodeAgent.",
```

  },
  {
    text: "It cycles through writing internal thoughts, generating Python code, executing the code, and logging the results until it arrives at a final answer",
    explain: "Correct. This describes the ReAct pattern that CodeAgent uses, including iterative reasoning and code execution.",
    correct: true
  },
  {
    text: "It relies on a vision module to validate code output before continuing to the next step",
    explain: "Vision capabilities are supported in smolagents, but they're not a default requirement for CodeAgent or the ReAct approach.",
  }
]}
/>

---

### Q3: Which of the following is a primary advantage of sharing a tool on the Hugging Face Hub?

Select the best reason why a developer might upload and share their custom tool.

<Question
choices={[
  {
    text: "It automatically integrates the tool with a MultiStepAgent for retrieval-augmented generation",
    explain: "Sharing a tool doesn't automatically set up retrieval or multi-step logic. It's just making the tool available.",
  },
  {
    text: "It allows others to discover, reuse, and integrate your tool in their smolagents without extra setup",

>     explain: "Yes. Sharing on the Hub makes tools accessible for anyone to download and incorporate quickly.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    explain: "Yes. Sharing on the Hub makes tools accessible for anyone (including yourself) to download and reuse quickly.",
```
